It was one of those mornings where everything felt off from the start. James woke up late, his alarm completely failing him. Shit! he muttered under his breath, realizing he had just 15 minutes to get ready for work. In a rush, he tripped over his shoes, bumping his knee hard against the bedpost. Fuck! he cursed, holding his knee and hopping on one leg.His phone buzzed incessantly with emails and missed calls from his boss, Amanda. She was not one to be patient, especially not when deadlines were looming. Damn it, he groaned, rushing to get dressed, only to realize his favorite shirt was wrinkled beyond repair. Shit!Running out the door, he barely had time to grab a slice of toast. But before he could even take a bite, the toast fell to the floor, landing butter-side down, of course. Are you kidding me? he shouted to no one in particular.The commute was no better. Traffic was bumper-to-bumper, horns blaring in every direction. James slammed his hands on the steering wheel. Fuck this! he yelled, as cars inched forward at a snail's pace. He checked the time again—already 15 minutes late and nowhere near the office. What the hell is wrong with today?Just as he was about to make a phone call to explain himself, his phone died. Oh, for some sake! he exclaimed. Now there was no way to call in, and he knew Amanda was going to be pissed. Why today of all days? he muttered, glaring at the endless line of cars ahead of him.Finally, he made it to the office, nearly half an hour late. He rushed inside, but as soon as he stepped into the elevator, the doors closed too fast and caught his jacket in the process. You’ve got to be fucking kidding me, he said, trying to yank his jacket free. The elevator beeped, signaling an overload. Who’s the genius that overpacked this thing? someone behind him muttered, clearly annoyed. James felt the heat rising in his face.At his desk, Amanda was waiting for him, her face tight with frustration. James, what the hell happened? she asked, her voice sharp. I don’t want to hear any excuses. James stammered, trying to explain the series of unfortunate events that led to his tardiness, but it was clear Amanda wasn’t having it. You’ve fucked up enough this month, she snapped. You’re on thin ice, James.The rest of the day didn’t improve much. His computer crashed twice while he was working on a project, causing him to lose hours of progress. Goddamn it! he shouted, startling his coworkers. One of them shot him a look and muttered, Calm the fuck down, under her breath, but James was too frustrated to care.At lunch, he spilled coffee all over his pants, leaving a dark stain. Of course this would happen, he said, rolling his eyes. What else could possibly go wrong? It felt like the universe was out to get him.By the time 5 p.m. rolled around, James was beyond done. He grabbed his things and headed out, dreading the thought of facing traffic again. But, unsurprisingly, his car wouldn’t start. Fuck this day, he muttered, kicking the tire in frustration. Just fuck it all.After a long call to roadside assistance and a very expensive tow truck ride home, James finally collapsed on the couch. What a shitshow, he muttered, his head pounding. I can't believe all that happened in one day.As if to add insult to injury, his neighbor started blasting loud music through the thin walls of his apartment. Of course they would, James grumbled. Just my fucking luck. He grabbed a pillow and pressed it over his face, hoping to drown out the noise.It had been the kind of day that made James want to scream, but instead, he just lay there, exhausted, hoping tomorrow would be even a little bit better.After laying there for what felt like hours, James decided he needed to clear his head. Maybe a walk outside would help, even if it was already getting late. He threw on his shoes, grabbed his jacket, and slammed the door behind him. He threw on his shoes, grabbed his jacket, and slammed the door behind him. He threw on his shoes, grabbed his jacket, and slammed the door behind him. Fuck this day, he muttered again, heading out onto the street. The cool evening air felt refreshing at first, but the city noises were overwhelming. Car horns, sirens, and loud conversations filled the air. He could hear people arguing in the distance, and it felt like the noise was following him. Why can't people just shut the fuck up for once? he grumbled under his breath.As he walked, James’s phone buzzed to life, finally recharged after being dead for hours. Oh, now you work, huh? he said sarcastically, pulling it out of his pocket. The screen lit up with missed calls and texts. Of course, Amanda had called him several more times, probably to remind him that he had completely fucked up the day. Great, he muttered, not in the mood to deal with her right now.He kept walking, trying to ignore the constant buzzing of his phone. But the messages kept coming. Shit...maybe I should just turn it off, he thought, but something made him look at the latest message. It wasn’t from Amanda this time—it was from his best friend, Dan.Dude, where the fuck are you? We’re waiting!Oh, fuck...I completely forgot! James said out loud. He was supposed to meet Dan and some friends for drinks after work, a plan they had made a week ago. But with the way the day had gone, it had completely slipped his mind. He checked the time—already 8:45 p.m. They were supposed to meet at 7.no, no, no... he cursed himself, quickly typing out a reply. Sorry man, terrible day. Be there soon. He picked up the pace, jogging down the sidewalk toward the bar where they always hung out. Dan was going to give him shit for being late, as usual. But at least he’d have someone to vent to about the day.By the time James arrived, the bar was packed. The loud music, chatter, and clinking glasses were almost too much to handle. Why does everything have to be so fucking loud today? he muttered as he pushed his way through the crowd. Dan spotted him from across the room and waved him over, grinning. Finally, the man of the hour shows up, Dan joked, clapping James on the back. Where the fuck have you been?James shook his head. You wouldn’t believe the shit I’ve been through today, he said, taking a seat and signaling the bartender for a drink. Everything that could go wrong did go wrong. My alarm didn’t go off, traffic was fucking horrible, my boss is pissed at me, and my car broke down. And that’s just the beginning.Dan raised an eyebrow. Damn, man. Sounds like you’ve had one hell of a day. You need this more than we do. He slid a beer over to James, who took a long sip. You have no idea, James said, shaking his head.Well, here’s to tomorrow being better, right? one of their friends, Lisa, chimed in, raising her glass. Yeah, here’s hoping, James said, clinking his glass against theirs.As the night went on, James started to relax a bit. The conversation with his friends helped him take his mind off the disaster of a day he’d had. They joked around, talking about their own work problems, bad bosses, and annoying coworkers. It felt good to laugh again after such a long, shitty day.But just as James was starting to feel better, his phone buzzed again. Oh god...what now? he muttered, pulling it out to see a new message from Amanda. It was long, and just from the first few words, James knew it wasn’t good. James, I need you to explain this right now...James groaned. Can’t this woman give me a break? he said, showing the message to Dan. She’s not going to let me live this down, is she?Dan shook his head. Nope. Sounds like you’re fucked, man. You might want to think about a new job.James sighed, typing out a quick reply. I’ll deal with it tomorrow, he said, putting the phone back in his pocket. I’m not ruining what’s left of this night with that shit.But the momentary escape from reality didn’t last long. As the night wore on and the drinks kept flowing, James couldn’t stop thinking about the mess he’d have to face tomorrow. Amanda was relentless, and she’d already been breathing down his neck about deadlines all week. Now he was sure to get chewed out in front of everyone at the office. Maybe Dan’s right, he thought. Maybe it’s time to start looking for a new job.But the thought of searching for a new job, dealing with interviews, and all that came with it was exhausting. I barely have the energy to get through today, let alone start over, James thought, finishing his drink.At the end of the night, James said goodbye to his friends and started the walk back home. The streets were quieter now, but the weight of the day still hung over him. Fuck it all, he muttered, hands shoved deep in his pockets. Tomorrow better be better than today.The next morning didn’t start off much better. James woke up, still groggy from the drinks the night before, and his head was pounding. Shit, why did I drink so much? he groaned, dragging himself out of bed. He stumbled into the kitchen, only to find that he was out of coffee. Oh, fuck this, he muttered, slamming the cupboard shut.The next morning didn’t start off much better. James woke up, still groggy from the drinks the night before, and his head was pounding. Shit, why did I drink so much? he groaned, dragging himself out of bed. He stumbled into the kitchen, only to find that he was out of coffee. Oh, fuck this, he muttered, slamming the cupboard shut.The ride to work was no better than the day before. Traffic was a nightmare again, and by the time James got to the office, Amanda was already waiting for him. We need to talk, she said as soon as he walked in, her tone leaving no room for argument.James sighed and followed her into her office, bracing himself for the inevitable chewing-out he was about to get. James, you know this is unacceptable, right? she said, pacing behind her desk. I can’t keep covering for you. You missed deadlines, you were late yesterday, and honestly, your work has been slipping for a while now.I know, I know, James said, rubbing his temples. It’s just been a rough few weeks, you know?That’s no excuse, Amanda snapped. We all have rough weeks, but you can’t keep letting it affect your work. I need you to step up or step out, James. I mean it.James felt the frustration boiling up inside him. What the fuck does she expect me to do? he thought. It’s not like I’m trying to screw up here.But instead of arguing, he just nodded. I’ll do better, he said, though he wasn’t sure he believed it himself.You better, Amanda said, giving him a stern look before dismissing him.The rest of the day dragged on, with James struggling to focus on his work. His mind kept drifting back to Amanda’s words. Step up or step out, she had said. Maybe she’s right, James thought. Maybe I’m just not cut out for this anymore.As he stared at his computer screen, the words blurring together, James realized he had a decision to make. Do I keep pushing through this shit day after day, or do I finally make a change? It wasn’t an easy decision, but James knew something had to give. I can’t keep doing this forever.At the end of the day, James packed up his things and left the office, unsure of what his next move would be. Tomorrow’s a new day, he told himself as he walked to his car. Maybe it’ll be better. Maybe not. But something’s got to change.James finally made it home, utterly drained. He collapsed on the couch, kicking off his shoes and staring at the ceiling. I don’t even want to think about tomorrow, he thought. He flipped on the TV, hoping to distract himself from the day’s bullshit, but nothing seemed to hold his attention.Suddenly, he heard loud music blasting from the apartment next door. Holy shit, not this again, he groaned. His neighbor had a habit of blasting music at all hours of the night, and James was in no mood to deal with it. He muttered, getting up to pound on the wall. Some of us are trying to get some sleep over here!But of course, the music kept playing, louder than ever. James grabbed a pillow and buried his face in it, trying to block out the noise. I swear, if tomorrow’s anything like today, I’m gonna lose my fucking mind, he thought. Fuck this day, he muttered, kicking the tire in frustration. Just fuck it all.After a long call to roadside assistance and a very expensive tow truck ride home, James finally collapsed on the couch. What a shitshow, he muttered, his head pounding. I can't believe all that happened in one day.As if to add insult to injury, his neighbor started blasting loud music through the thin walls of his apartment. Of course they would, James grumbled. Just my fucking luck. He grabbed a pillow and pressed it over his face, hoping to drown out the noise.It had been the kind of day that made James want to scream, but instead, he just lay there, exhausted, hoping tomorrow would be even a little bit better.After laying there for what felt like hours, James decided he needed to clear his head. Maybe a walk outside would help, even if it was already getting late. He threw on his shoes, grabbed his jacket, and slammed the door behind him. Fuck this day, he muttered again, heading out onto the street. The cool evening air felt refreshing at first, but the city noises were overwhelming. Car horns, sirens, and loud conversations filled the air. He could hear people arguing in the distance, and it felt like the noise was following him. Why can't people just shut the fuck up for once? he grumbled under his breath.As he walked, James’s phone buzzed to life, finally recharged after being dead for hours. Oh, now you work, huh? he said sarcastically, pulling it out of his pocket. The screen lit up with missed calls and texts. Of course, Amanda had called him several more times, probably to remind him that he had completely fucked up the day. Great, he muttered, not in the mood to deal with her right now.He kept walking, trying to ignore the constant buzzing of his phone. But the messages kept coming. Shit...maybe I should just turn it off, he thought, but something made him look at the latest message. It wasn’t from Amanda this time—it was from his best friend, Dan.Dude, where the fuck are you? We’re waiting!Oh, fuck...I completely forgot! James said out loud. He was supposed to meet Dan and some friends for drinks after work, a plan they had made a week ago. But with the way the day had gone, it had completely slipped his mind. He checked the time—already 8:45 p.m. They were supposed to meet at 7.no, no, no... he cursed himself, quickly typing out a reply. Sorry man, terrible day. Be there soon. He picked up the pace, jogging down the sidewalk toward the bar where they always hung out. Dan was going to give him shit for being late, as usual. But at least he’d have someone to vent to about the day.By the time James arrived, the bar was packed. The loud music, chatter, and clinking glasses were almost too much to handle. Why does everything have to be so fucking loud today? he muttered as he pushed his way through the crowd. Dan spotted him from across the room and waved him over, grinning. Finally, the man of the hour shows up, Dan joked, clapping James on the back. It felt good to laugh again after such a long, shitty day. Where the fuck have you been?James shook his head. You wouldn’t believe the shit I’ve been through today, he said, taking a seat and signaling the bartender for a drink. Everything that could go wrong did go wrong. My alarm didn’t go off, traffic was fucking horrible, my boss is pissed at me, and my car broke down. And that’s just the beginning.Dan raised an eyebrow. Damn, man. Sounds like you’ve had one hell of a day. You need this more than we do. He slid a beer over to James, who took a long sip. You have no idea, James said, shaking his head.Well, here’s to tomorrow being better, right? one of their friends, Lisa, chimed in, raising her glass. Yeah, here’s hoping, James said, clinking his glass against theirs.As the night went on, James started to relax a bit. The conversation with his friends helped him take his mind off the disaster of a day he’d had. They joked around, talking about their own work problems, bad bosses, and annoying coworkers. It felt good to laugh again after such a long, shitty day.
